Documentation: Add contributing note for disabling actions in forks (#23801)
storybookjs/storybook: CONTRIBUTING.md

The `yarn start` script will generate a React Vite TypeScript sandbox with a set of test stories inside it, as well as taking all steps required to get it running (building the various packages we need etc). There is no need to run `yarn` or `yarn install` as `yarn start` will do this for you.

## Issues

> If you run `yarn start` and encounter the following error, try rerunning `yarn start` a second time:
> ```sh
> >  NX   ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'storybook/code/node_modules/nx/package.json'

Reviewer: Looks like something happened when addressing feedback or resolving merge conflicts?

````suggestion
If you run `yarn start` and encounter the following error, try rerunning `yarn start` a second time:

```sh
>  NX   ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'storybook/code/node_modules/nx/package.json'
```
````

Author: Ok. I'll have look when I'm back at my desk. Thanks.

The `yarn start` script will generate a React Vite TypeScript sandbox with a set of test stories inside it, as well as taking all steps required to get it running (building the various packages we need etc). There is no need to run `yarn` or `yarn install` as `yarn start` will do this for you.

## Issues

> On `yarn start` you encounter the following error, try rerunning `yarn start` a second time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `yarn start` and encounter the following error, try rerunning `yarn start` a second time:
```

> ```
> >  NX   ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'storybook/code/node_modules/nx/package.json'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
>  NX   ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'storybook/code/node_modules/nx/package.json'
```
```

## Forked repos

> If you have forked the repo you should disable the Github actions to avoid failing runs (e.g. pushing to sandbox). In your Github repo go to **settings** > **actions** and set the **Disable actions** setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have forked the repository, you should [disable Github Actions for your repo](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository) as many of them (e.g. pushing to sandbox) will fail without proper authorization. In your Github repo, go to Settings > Actions > General > set the Actions Permissions to **Disable actions**.
```
